PCB Design/README.md, before:

# PCB Design
Since we are getting closer to building realistic systems in your final projects, you will most likely need to build a PCB so that you are not worrying about carrying around a rat's nest of wires. Really, the basics of PCB design are quite simple: make a schematic to lay out what components need to be connected to each other, then import the schematic to a PCB designer and physically connect the components together. Where the difficulty comes in is in the tedium. For low-frequency, low power applications, you should be able to get away with pretty much anything you do. 

As the semester progresses we will be dealing with more applications which will require you to build boards with higher signal integrity and power carrying capabilities, but we will cross that bridge when we get to it.

## Task
You will be required to design a simple breakout board for the MSP430FR2311. This is one of the simplest processors you have to design for, requiring you to only place a few capacitors to get it to work. You might think wait, but isn't there all that stuff up at the top of the board? Don't we need to also include that? All of those parts are part of the programmer/debugger and it is very easy to program your chip using just a few wires.

## Deliverables 
This folder should contain the following files:
* BOARD.sch
* BOARD.pcb
* GERBERS (Folder)

The GERBERS folder should contain the Gerber files as listed in the ECE Department ordering guides for PCBs.

The README for this folder should also contain the Bill of Materials as well as (if possible) a link to a Digikey/Mouser cart that contains the parts you would want for this board.

## Board Details
Your board should be a 2 layer board which can conveniently fit on a breadboard and contains the required passives for this processor to work in a standalone implementation. This means that the board should contain bypass capacitors, and the proper reset circuitry as laid out in the MSP430FR2311 datasheet. As per PCBWAY manufacturing restrictions, you should not have any traces smaller than 6mil, and your board should be smaller than 4 inches per side (which is maybe 4 times larger than your board should be.)

It will be up to you to determine the capacitor brands, values, and sizes, as well as which package you want for your MSP430FR2311.

Commit message:

Schematic, PCB, Gerber, and Readme

PCB Design/README.md, after:

#Overview

This breakout board is designed for the MSP430FR2311 to be used independently for
conection with breadboards and other external components. It features a 16 pin format
for possible connections to P1.1, P1.0, TEST, RST, DVCC, DVSS, P2.7, P2.6, P1.2, P1.3, 
P1.4, P1.5, TRI0-, P1.6, P1.7, and P2.0.

## PCB Board

This boasts a small form factor of less than 1 square inch, measuring in at 
approximately 0.912 inches x 0.906 inches. Its thickness is 0.039 inches. Traces
are 0.006 inches which are compliant with the minimum allowable size. It is a dual 
layer design that contains a ground plane for optimal electromagnetic shielding.

The board was verfied based on design rules, net connectivity, and schematic accuracy.

## Schematic

This design features bypass and bulk capacitors connected between GND and VCC. 
The bulk capacitor ensures a steady voltage provided to the processor, while
bypass capacitors will send low level AC noise to ground, and are typically 
connected proportionally to the number of output pins.

Reset circuitry is included consisting of a capacitor going to ground
to ensure debouncing and a 47k resistor used as a pull up resistor.
 
## Bill of Materials

CAP_0805			Value: 1 nF			Quantity: 1			RefID: C3
CAP_0603			Value: 100 nF		Quantity: 1			RefID: C1
CAP_0603			Value: 10 uF		Quantity: 1			RefID: C2
RES_0805			Value: 47k			Quantity: 1			RefID: R1
MSP4302311IPW16R	Value:				Quantity: 1			RefID: U1
644456-8			Value:				Quantity: 2			RefID: J1, U2
